* THIS IS MY FATHER'S WORLD
* AND TO MY LISTENING EARS
WALLY, THAT WAS
JUST AMAZING.
CHARLIE, DID YOU HEAR THAT?
YES, MOM, I HEARD IT.
I'M GONNA SING
AT MRS. HA'ITEN'S
CHRISTMAS PARTY,
AND SHE SAID SHE'S GONNA
GIVE ME $5.00 FOR IT.
$5.00?
DO YOU KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS
WHY, YOU'RE A PROFESSIONAL.
CHARLIE, WILL YOU WALK
WALLY HOME, PLEASE?
I WAS GONNA GO OVER TO
TOMMY'S AND SHOOT SOME POOL.
COME ON, ELVIS.
LET'S GET GOING.
WALLY. ..
YOUR BACKPACK.
AAH!
HOPE EVERYONE
HAD A RESTFUL WEEKEND.
THAT SOUNDS OMINOUS.
HARRINGTONVILLE, TENNESSEE,
POPULATION 5,000.
64 YEARS SINCE
THEY HAD A HOMICIDE.
THEY'VE HAD 2
IN THE PAST 48 HOURS.
FIRST VICTIM, 57-YEAR-OLD
WIDOWER AND GRANDFATHER
PAUL THOMPSON.
AMBUSHED IN HIS YARD,
18 STAB WOUNDS TO HIS
CHEST AND HIS NECK.
NO FORCED ENTRY INTO THE HOUSE,
AND THE ONLY ITEM TAKEN
WAS A SHOTGUN.
LAST NIGHT, ANNIE STUART,
39, WAS ALSO AMBUSHED
AND IT APPEARS
BLUDGEONED TO DEATH
IN HER HOME
WITH THOMPSON'S
STOLEN SHOTGUN.
IN THIS CASE, THE UNSUB
APPARENTLY STOLE CDs,
DVDs, AND A LITTLE JEWELRY.
THIS IS A LITTLE EXTREME
FOR A BURGLARY.
THAT'S AN UNDERSTATEMENT.
AS YOU CAN SEE, ANNIE'S
THROAT WAS EVISCERATED.
YET THE FIRST VICTIM
WASN'T EVISCERATED,
AND THE UNSUB SEEMS TO
HAVE USED A DIFFERENT WEAPON
AT EACH CRIME SCENE.
2 DIFFERENT M.O.s.
2 DIFFERENT KILLERS?
OR ONE VERY PSYCHOTIC
INDIVIDUAL.
WHAT HAPPENED TO YOU?
I GOT A LIST OF THINGS
I WANT TO TRY BEFORE
IT'S TOO LATE.
AND ORTHOPEDIC SURGERY'S
ONE OF THEM?
NO, SKYDIVING.
APPARENTLY
IT'S ALL ABOUT THE LANDING.
HOW LONG ON THE CRUTCHES?
JUST A COUPLE DAYS.
SO YOU CAN'T GO OUT
IN THE FIELD?
NOT ON CRUTCHES, NO.
DON'T WORRY. I'LL FIND A WAY
TO BE HELPFUL HERE.
GOT A BLITZ ATI'ACK.
NO EFFORT TO REMOVE THE
BODY, CLEAN UP EVIDENCE.
WITH ORGANIZED KILLERS,
WE SEE A PATTERN, WE'RE ABLE
TO PREDICT THEIR BEHAVIOR,
BUT WITH PSYCHOTIC KILLERS,
THEY'RE GUIDED BY
A GIVEN DELUSION.
OK, UNTIL WE UNDERSTAND
THE NATURE OF THE DELUSION,
WE CAN'T PREDICT
HIS NEXT MOVE.
THAT'S NEARLY
IMPOSSIBLE TO DO.
ACTUALLY, I THINK
WE MIGHT HAVE A CLUE.
THESE RINGS
AT THAT CRIME SCENE
MIGHT BE
SOME KIND OF SIGNATURE?
I CAN WORK THIS ANGLE.
I'LL SEE IF THERE'S
ANY SIGNIFICANCE
TO THE PATTERNS.
PSYCHOTIC KILLERS
ARE NORMALLY NOT THAT
DIFFICULT TO CATCH
BECAUSE THEY DON'T
TRY TO HIDE.
DOES THAT MAKE
YOUR JOB EASIER?
OH, NO. 'CAUSE
UNTIL WE DO LOCATE HIM,
HE'LL KEEP DOING THAT.
CAPTIONING MADE POSSIBLE BY
TOUCHSTONE TELEVISION
PRODUCTIONS, LLC AND CBS
THEY HERE?
SOME OF 'EM.
ONE OF 'EM WENT OVER
TO THE THOMPSON HOUSE.
ALONE?
SAID HE WANTED TO GET A FEEL
FOR THE NEIGHBORHOOD.
ALL OF THE ITEMS STOLEN
WERE TAKEN FROM
THE UPSTAIRS BEDROOM.
WHY DIDN'T HE TAKE
HER PURSE OR CELL PHONE
OR THE JEWELRY
OFF HER BODY?
IT JUST DOESN'T
MAKE ANY SENSE.
DIDN'T MAKE SENSE
TO US, EITHER.
THIS GUY DIDN'T COME ANY CLOSER
TO HER THAN HE HAD TO.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
THERE'S A DISCREPANCY
IN THE PROFILE.
SHERIFF HALL,
IT'S QUITE POSSIBLE
THERE WERE 2 PEOPLE
IN THE HOUSE.
SO I HAVE 2 MONSTERS
OUT THERE?
SOMEONE WENT THROUGH
THE MEDICINE CABINET
LOOKING FOR DRUGS.
EXCESSIVE
METHAMPHETAMINE ABUSE
CAN CAUSE PSYCHOTIC
VIOLENT EPISODES.
SO YOU THINK THESE GUYS
WERE JUNKIES?
I THINK WE'RE DEALING WITH
2 DIFFERENT PROFILES.
THE KILLER,
YEAH, HE'S A PSYCHOTIC.
THE OTHER GUY, THOUGH,
HE'S JUST A THIEF.
I MEAN, THE FACT THAT HE DIDN'T
TAKE THE VICTIM'S JEWELRY
SUGGESTS THAT
HE IDENTIFIED WITH HER.
MEANING WHAT?
HE PROBABLY KNEW HER.
CSU FOUND A SODA CAN
BY THE FENCE IN THE GRASS.
IT'S MARKED BY THAT CONE.
THAT'S RIGHT.
WE FIGURE THE SUSPECT--
THE SUSPECTS,
WAS LYING IN WAIT THERE.
YOU SPOKE TO THE KID
WHO WAS HAVING A SINGING LESSON?
THAT'S RIGHT. WHY?
I'M JUST WONDERING
WHY HE DIDN'T TELL YOU
THAT HE SAW THE SUSPECT.
WHAT?
WELL, CSU FOUND
4 OF WALLY BRISBANE'S
FINGERPRINTS RIGHT HERE
ON THE MUSIC STAND
IN THIS POSITION.
NOW, FROM WHERE
I'M STANDING, MY HEIGHT,
I GOT TREE BRANCHES
BLOCKING MY WAY.
BUT WALLY'S 7, SO THAT WOULD
PUT HIS EYE-LINE RIGHT ABOUT...
HERE.
HI.
I'M ELLE GREENAWAY
FROM THE BEHAVIORAL
ANALYSIS UNIT OF THE FBI.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT SHERIFF HALL
WAS THINKING
ASKING ME TO BRING HIM
OVER HERE.
I NEED TO TALK TO YOUR SON.
LISTEN, I THINK
HE'S BEEN THROUGH ENOUGH.
MRS. BRISBANE, WE'RE REALLY
JUST HERE TO HELP.
ASK HIM WHATEVER YOU WANT,
BUT I'M STAYING RIGHT HERE.
WALLY, I HEAR...
THAT YOU'RE THE ONLY PERSON
IN THIS WHOLE TOWN
WHO MIGHT HAVE SEEN
THE MAN WHO DID THIS
TO YOUR MUSIC TEACHER.
HE DIDN'T SEE A THING,
NOW, DID YOU, BUDDY?
WALLY.
WHAT DID HE LOOK LIKE?
CRAZY.
HE WAS REAL TALL,
REAL SKINNY,
AND HIS LIP WAS BLEEDING,
AND WHEN I SAW HIM THROUGH
THE WINDOW, HE DID THIS...
THE GUY THE KID
DESCRIBED DEFINITELY
SOUNDS LIKE A TWEAKER.
PULL THE FILES OF ALL
THE METHAMPHETAMINE ARRESTS
IN THE PAST 6 MONTHS.
WILL DO.
WE SHOULD NARROW
THE SUSPECT LIST DOWN
ACCORDING TO
THE GUY'S RESIDENCE.
CRIMES LIKE TH ESE ARE ALWAYS
CRIMES OF OPPORTUNITY.
SO THE FIRST GUY
ON OUR SUSPECT LIST
WILL LIVE IN THE CLOSEST
PROXIMITY TO THE VICTIM.
DO HAVE A PLACE
WHERE WE CAN SET UP?
YOU CAN USE
SIMPSON'S DESK. HE'S OUT.
YOU GOT A PHONE THERE
AND A COMPUTER.
MEANTIME, I'M GONNA
NARROW DOWN THAT LIST.
WORKING FROM THE ASSUMPTION
THE RINGS ARE A SIGNATURE...
SIR, I COULD HELP YOU
GET SOME OF THESE BOOKS
BACK TO YOUR--
EXPLORING THEIR
SYMBOLIC SIGNIFICANCE?
JUST EXPLORING...
I HAVE NOTHING.
WELL, IF--IF I MAY,
IF YOU WERE IN YOUR OFFICE,
YOU'D HAVE MORE ROOM
TO SPREAD OUT, AND YOU'D
GET A FRESH PERSPECTIVE.
DO YOU THINK?
MAYBE
I NEED TO FOCUS
ON THE MANNER IN WHICH
ANNIE STUART WAS KILLED.
ANYTHING THAT MIGHT
HAVE BEEN DONE TO HER
POSTMORTEM.
UH-HUH.
GET THIS STUFF
OUT OF HERE. SORRY.
WHERE ARE THE, UH,
BLUEPRINTS OF THE HOUSE?
OH, THEY'RE RIGHT HERE
ON THE SCREEN.
I DON'T WANT THE BLUEPRINTS
ON THE SCREEN. I WANT
SOMETHING I CAN HOLD ONTO.
HERE YOU GO.
IT'S HOT IN HERE.
CAN YOU FIX IT?
HOW DO YOU BREATHE IN HERE?
CAN YOU TRY TO MAKE IT
A LITTLE COOLER IN HERE?
YEAH, IT'S PRETTY COLD, BUT--
DO YOU HAVE
THE AUTOPSY REPORTS?
I'M GONNA HAVE THE SHERIFF
FROM HARRINGTONVILLE FAX IT
OVER AS SOON AS THEY COME IN.
CAN I HAVE ANOTHER
A CUP OF COFFEE,
IF YOU WOULD?
THEY'RE RIGHT HERE.
GOT IT.
I'LL GET THE COFFEE.
THANK YOU.
YOU'RE WELCOME.
HEY, YOU GUYS
FIND ANYTHING?
YEAH.
ELLE FOUND AN EYEWITNESS--
LITTLE BOY WHO SAW SOMEONE
IN THE DRIVEWAY.
THAT'S MORE THAN WE GOT
AT THOMPSON'S.
WE GOT 2 SUSPECTS.
JUDD FRANKLIN
AND DOMINO THACKER.
I KNOW DOMINO.
HE'S BAD NEWS.
SERIOUS TWEAKER.
COOKS HIS OWN STUFF.
HE LIVE NEAR THE CRIME SCENES?
ALMOST DIRECTLY
BETWEEN THEM.
ROBBERY, ARMED ROBBERY,
POSSESSION, POSSESSION
WITH INTENT.
THIS GUY'S
BEEN HOSPITALIZED
FOR OVERDOSES
AND ATTEMPTED SUICIDE.
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
I THINK WE NEED
TO FIND DOMINO.
DOMINO THACKER, FBI!
STAY. DON'T MOVE.
NO, NO, NO, DON'T RUN. I JUST
WANT TO TALK TO YOU. DOMINO!
I JUST WANT TO TALK.
STOP!
STAY DOWN!
I DIDN'T DO NOTHIN'.
YOU CAN'T ARREST ME.
DOMINO THACKER, FBI.
YOU'RE UNDER ARREST.
I'M FREEZIN'.
WE WANT TO KNOW
WHAT YOU WERE DOING
AT ANNIE STUART'S HOUSE.
I DIDN'T DO NOTHIN'.
I GOT THE FLU.
I'M SICK IS WHAT I AM.
WE KNOW YOU WERE THERE, BOY.
IN THE DRIVEWAY.
I WAS LOOKIN' AT THAT CAR,
BUT I NEVER STOLED IT.
I WAS THINKIN' ABOUT IT,
BUT I LEFT.
I SEEN THAT KID.
THE BLOOD FOUND ON
THE BOTTOM OF YOUR BOOT
IS ANNIE STUART'S.
THE TREAD FROM
THE BOTTOM OF YOUR BOOT
IS THE SAME AS
THE TREAD FOUND ALL OVER
THE CRIME SCENE.
INSIDE!
I DIDN'T DO NOTHIN'.
COME ON NOW, DOMINO.
HOW DO YOU THINK THAT'S
GONNA HOLD UP IN COURT,
HUH?
TWEAKER WITH A RECORD,
BLOOD OF THE VICTIM ALL OVER.
THINK ABOUT THAT.
I--I...
I--I CAME BACK.
I CAME BACK
TO HER HOUSE.
BUT HE WAS LEAVIN'.
WHO WAS?
SOME DUDE, MAN.
I DON'T KNOW.
WHAT WAS HE WEARING?
HE HAD A HOOD.
WHAT COLOR WAS IT?
BLACK. BLACK HOOD.
DEPUTY.
HEY, DOMINO.
COME HERE. IT'S OK.
I JUST WANT TO TALK TO YOU.
COME HERE.
LOOK AT ME.
YOU DIDN'T DO THIS,
DID YOU?
MM-MMM.
OK. HEY,
IF THAT'S TRUE,
YOU GOTTA
HELP US OUT HERE.
TALK TO ME. YOU LEFT.
YOU SAW HIM LEAVE.
AND THEN WHAT?
WENT IN AND...
AND SHE'S LYING THERE.
YOU KNOW, UM,
I NEEDED MONEY REAL BAD,
SO--SHE WAS ALREADY LIKE THAT.
SHE WAS LIKE WHAT?
YOU KNOW. SHE WAS ALL CUT UP.
SHE WAS ALL BUTCHERED UP
AND YOU ROBBED HER ANYWAY?
IT AIN'T RIGHT!
IT AIN'T RIGHT! I'M SORRY!
IT AIN'T RIGHT.
OH, GOD, FORGIVE ME.
OH, GOD...
IT AIN'T RIGHT!
I'M SORRY!
HE DIDN'T DO IT, SHERIFF.
WHAT MAKES YOU SO SURE?
HE WAS PRETTY FREAKED OUT
JUST THINKING ABOUT WHAT
WAS DONE TO ANNIE STUART.
PEOPLE PRETEND.
ANYBODY DELUSIONAL ENOUGH
TO EVISCERATE ANNIE STUART
WOULD NOT BE LUCID ENOUGH
TO RECOUNT IT THE WAY HE DID.
ALL RIGHT. I'LL HAVE HIM
TAKEN TO DETOX,
AND THEN I'M GONNA
ARREST HIM FOR ROBBERY.
IN THE MEANTIME,
I'D HAVE YOUR MEN CANVASS
THE NEIGHBORHOOD AGAIN,
SEE IF THEY SAW A GUY
IN A HOODED SWEATSHIRT.
WILL DO. LONG.
CHICKEN BROCCOLI?
IT'S NOT THAT I DON'T WANT TO,
IT'S JUST--
WHAT'S THAT?
OH, IT'S AUTOPSY REPORTS.
ANNIE STUART'S BODY WAS,
UM...I CAN'T SAY IT.
MISSING HER LIVER
AND STOMACH.
I KNOW THAT THIS MAY SEEM LIKE
A SMALL, DARK HOLE,
BUT IT'S MY OFFICE, AND I LIKE
TO KEEP I SORT OF CLEANISH.
WHY ARE YOU DOING THAT AGAIN?
HE'S TAKING THE BLOOD
AND ORGANS FROM THE BODIES
AND PUTTING THEM
IN CYLINDRICAL CONTAINERS.
IT'S ANTH ROPOPHAGY.
ANTHRO WHAT WHAT?
YOU DON'T WANT TO KNOW.
GIVE ME THAT.
I'M A BIG GIRL.
I CAN TAKE IT.
LITERAL GREEK TRANSLATION
IS "MAN EATING."
THE GUY'S A CANNIBAL.
WE ARE LOOKING FOR
A 20- 30-YEAR-OLD MALE.
THE UNSUB ENGAGES IN
ANTHROPOPHAGY.
IT'S A PSYCHOTIC CONVICTION
THAT HE MUST DRINK HUMAN BLOOD
AND POSSIBLY EAT HUMAN FLESH.
FOR RICHARD TRENTON CHASE,
THE VAMPIRE KILLER,
HE DRANK HIS VICTIMS' BLOOD
BECAUSE HE BELIEVED
THAT ALIENS
HAD INVADED HIS BODY
AND WERE SLOWLY
DRINKING HIS BLOOD.
AND IF HE DIDN'T GET
THE BLOOD HE NEEDED...
HE'D DIE.
ANTHROPOPHAGY SUGGESTS
SUCH AN EXTREME LEVEL
OF PSYCHOSIS
AND DISORGANIZATION
THAT HE COULDN'T HAVE
VENTURED VERY FAR FROM HOME
TO COMMIT THESE CRIMES.
THIS GUY LIVES
OR HAS LIVED IN THIS TOWN.
HE KNOWS THE TERRITORY.
YOU'VE ALL SEEN HIM.
MAYBE AT THE BALLPARK.
OR RIDING HIS BIKE HOME
FROM THE GROCERY STORE.
HE WASN'T ALWAYS A THREAT.
HE COULD HAVE BEEN
YOUR NEIGHBOR.
HE MIGHT HAVE BEEN
YOUR FRIEND.
WE THINK SOMETHING
ABOUT HIS DELUSION
IS KEEPING HIM
HERE IN TOWN.
SO WE'RE GONNA START
AT ANNIE STUART'S HOUSE
AND WE'RE GONNA SPREAD OUT
THERE IN QUADRANTS.
WE'RE GONNA ELIMINATE
ALL OF HIS HIDING PLACES.
PAUL THOMPSON'S FUNERAL
IS THIS AFTERNOON.
A LOT OF HIS NEIGHBORS
ARE GONNA BE THERE.
SO, WE GOT SOME NAMES.
FARRELL BELVEDERE, 23.
HE, UH, TOOK A LITTLE
TOO MUCH LSD
AND FLIPPED OUT
IN A WINN DIXIE,
TORE UP A CHEESE COUNTER.
SHOW MARK WARD.
HE'S 21.
5 COUNTS
OF PETTY LARCENY.
ATTEMPTED SUICIDE,
COMMITTED FOR A YEAR,
BUT NOW HE'S LIVING
BACK WITH HIS PARENTS.
AND THE LAST ONE
IS OLEY MAYNOR.
25. HE WAS INSTITUTIONALIZED
FOR SEVERE MANIC-DEPRESSION.
HE HAS VIOLENT MOOD SWINGS.
WHEN HE WAS 18,
HE GOT ARRESTED FOR, UM,
BITING THE HEADS
OFF CHICKENS.
LIKE A CIRCUS GEEK?
WELL, SURE,
I KNEW OLEY MAYNOR.
HE WAS THE BEST
DEFENSIVE LINEMAN
HARRINGTONVILLE HIGH'S
EVER HAD.
BUT HE WAS
INSTITUTIONALIZED
YEARS AGO.
HE WAS RELEASED
A FEW WEEKS AGO.
I SAW HIM
JUST THE OTHER DAY.
YOU SAW HIM WHERE?
HE WAS WITH HIS BROTHER.
AND, IN FACT,
I THINK IT LOOKED LIKE
THEY DIDN'T WANT TO BE SEEN.
BECAUSE HE TOOK OLEY
OUT OF THE CAR
AND WENT STRAIGHT
INTO HIS HOUSE.
WHEN WAS THIS,
MRS. MAYS?
3 DAYS AGO.
JESS?
WHAT'S GOIN' ON, DON?
UH, DO ME A FAVOR, JESS,
UH, PUT THAT CLEAVER
DOWN, WILL YOU?
FBI. WE'RE LOOKING FOR
YOUR BROTHER OLEY.
WHAT FOR?
WHERE IS HE, JESS?
YOU KNOW DAMN WELL.
WHERE HE'S BEEN
FOR THE PAST 8 YEARS.
WE TALKED
TO THE HOSPITAL.
WE KNOW HE'S
BEEN RELEASED.
STAY OUT OF THERE.
WHAT WAS THAT?
YOU GOT HIM
BACK THERE?
HANG ON THERE, JESSIE.
UH-UH. DON'T DO IT.
JESS.
DON'T EVEN
THINK ABOUT IT.
LISTEN TO HIM.
OLEY MAYNOR?
ELLE.
OLEY?
PUT THAT DOWN.
JESS?
JESSIE?
DON'T YOU TOUCH HIM.
PLEASE, DON.
I SAID PUT IT DOWN.
NOW.
OLEY, THINK.
I GOT A BULLET THAT
TRAVELS 1,500 FEET A SECOND.
HOW FAST YOU THINK YOU CAN
GET TO US WITH THAT THING?
LET'S GO.
PUT IT DOWN.
OLEY, THESE PEOPLE WILL DO
WHATEVER IT TAKES
TO SOLVE THIS THING.
THEY NEED A CONFESSION.
THEN THEY'LL PIN IT ON YOU.
NO.
WE NEED TO PREVENT
ANOTHER KILLING.
AND WE KNOW THAT OLEY
WAS RELEASED FROM
AN INSTITUTION
IN RICHMOND 3 WEEKS AGO.
YOU SHOULD'VE JUST
TOLD EVERYONE
I WAS HOME.
JUST SHUT UP, OLEY.
LET ME TELL YOU SOMETHING.
PEOPLE HAVE POKED FUN
AT MY BROTHER HIS WHOLE LIFE.
OUR DAD, KIDS,
EVEN TEACHERS AT SCHOOL.
WELL...
THEY AREN'T GONNA DO IT
ANYMORE.
YOU DON'T BELIEVE
I'M BETTER?
YES, I DO.
THAT'S WHY I DIDN'T
WANT TO COME BACK HOME
ANYWAY.
WHY DID YOU COME BACK,
OLEY?
TO SAY GOODBYE.
YOU'RE LIVING WITH ME.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT THE HELL
YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT.
IT'S ALWAYS
THE SAME OLD THING.
GOOD OLD OLEY--
HE'S A HELL OF
A BALLPLAYER,
BUT HE'S CRAZY
AS A LOON.
NO.
THERE ARE SPECIAL HOMES
I CAN GO TO.
I DON'T NEED TO STAY HERE.
I DON'T WANT YOU TO GO.
I WANT TO HELP YOU.
I'M TIRED OF HIDING.
OLEY.
YOU BEEN TAKING
YOUR MEDS?
EVE RY DAY.
TEST ME.
* OF ROCKS AND TREES
* OF SKIES AND SEAS
WHAT'S WRONG?
NOTHING.
DO IT AGAIN, PLEASE.
GRANNY, I JUST WANT
TO WATCH TV.
WATCH IT?
WITH A VOICE LIKE THAT,
YOU'RE GONNA HAVE
YOUR OWN SHOW SOMEDAY.
ALL RIGHT. HA HA!
TV AND COOKIES IT IS.
NOW, I'LL BE BACK
IN A MINUTE.
I JUST HAVE TO GET
THE COOKIES
AND TEND TO THE LAUNDRY.
YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND.
I'M A HUMAN GIRL AND YOU'RE--
YOU'RE A ROBOT,
A MACHINE.
WHAT
IT'S UP TOO LOUD,
BUDDY. TURN IT DOWN.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
I'M SORRY.
I'LL BE RIGHT OVER,
AND LET'S NOT FIGHT
EVER AGAIN.
OK.
COME UP HERE
AND I'LL MEET YOU...
THE NEIGHBOR
ACROSS THE STREET
HEARD A CAR
SCREECH OUT OF THE DRIVEWAY,
ABOUT 25 MINUTES AGO.
WELL, WHOSE CAR
WAS IT?
THE GRANDMOTHER'S,
ANNETTE GILES.
IT'S A GOLD '72 BUICK.
I ALREADY PUT THE APB
OUT ON IT.
THE PARENTS JUST
GOT HOME FROM WORK.
I WISH TO GOD
I'D NEVER SPOKEN TO YOU!
I TOLD YOU I DIDN'T
WANT HIM INVOLVED!
I ASSURE YOU
WE'RE DOING EVERYTHING
TO FIND YOUR LITTLE BOY.
I WANT MY BABY BACK!
HELEN, NOW, LOOK,
I WON'T SLEEP
UNTIL WE FIND
LITTLE WALLY.
NOW COME ON.
I KNOW. I KNOW.
THE LITTLE BOY
WAS AT BOTH CRIME SCENES.
THE UNSUB MIGHT HAVE BEEN
AFTER HIM ALL ALONG.
I'M SURE THAT'S WHAT
MRS. BRISBANE THINKS.
I WANT YOU TO TALK
TO HER WHEN SHE CALMS DOWN,
SEE IF SHE CAN
COME UP WITH ANY LEADS.
SHE'S NOT GONNA
WANT TO TALK TO ME.
PERSUADE HER.
YOU FOUND THE BODY,
RIGHT, DEPUTY?
YES, SIR. IF YOU DON'T MIND,
I'LL WAIT OUT HERE.
THAT'S FINE.
DO YOU THINK THIS LUNATIC
WAS AFTER WALLY?
PSYCHOTIC MIND...
IT'S HARD TO PREDICT.
MAYBE THE KID BEING
AT BOTH MURDER SCENES
WAS JUST A COINCIDENCE.
HE'S ONLY 7 YEARS OLD.
ANOTHER EVISCERATION.
HER THROAT WAS SLASHED.
THAT'S WHY NOBODY
HEARD HER SCREAM.
HE SPLIT HER
RIB CAGE OPEN?
WITH TH ESE.
LOOKS LIKE THIS TIME
HIS TARGET WAS THE HEART.
DID HE TAKE IT?
YES.
HE TOOK THE HEART
YEAH.
THE HEART HAS ALWAYS
HAD INCREDIBLE SYMBOLIC
SIGNIFICANCE.
I MEAN, ASIDE FROM JUST BANAL
ROMANTIC ASSOCIATIONS.
THE EGYPTIANS LEFT THE HEART
IN MUMMIES
BECAUSE THEY BELIEVED
THE ORGAN ENSURED ETERNAL LIFE.
SOMETHING I READ...
OH, THERE IT IS--OH!
SORRY. I'M SORRY.
IT'S OK. GIVE ME THE BOOK.
THE BIG ONE, RIGHT THERE.
OK. GET THE BOOK, PLEASE,
PENELOPE.
HERE YOU ARE. THANK YOU.
WHERE'S THE CRIME SCENE
PHOTOS?
CRIME SCENE PHOTOS
ARE RIGHT HERE, SIR.
CRIME SCENE PHOTOS.
DOES THE BODY
LOOK LIKE AN ANGEL?
NOT TO ME.
SCAN THIS IN
AND SEND IT TO THEM.
THERE WAS--
THERE WAS AN ARTICLE
BY A CAMBRIDGE PROFESSOR.
IT SEEMS THAT, UH,
ALL THE ORGANS
THE UNSUB'S TAKEN--
STOMACH, LIVER,
NOW THE HEART--
WERE THOUGHT TO BE
THE SEAT OF THE SOUL
AT ONE TIME OR ANOTHER.
THEN HE DRINKS THEIR BLOOD?
SO WHEN THIS MAN DRINKS
HIS VICTIMS' BLOOD...
HE BELIEVES HE'S
ENCOUNTERING THE DIVINE.
WAIT A MINUTE.
NONE OF THIS EXPLAINS
WHY HE TOOK THE KID.
WELL, THE, UH,
UNSUB MADE THE VICTIM
INTO AN ANGEL.
MAYBE THE KID'S
A MESSIANIC FIGURE.
LET'S JUST HOPE
HE DOESN'T FEEL THE NEED
TO SACRIFICE HIM.
YOU STAY HERE,
CHARLIE.
I WON'T BE LONG.
HI.
YOU'VE REACHED THE HOME
OF ANNIE, DAVID,
AND CHARLIE STUART.
PLEASE LEAVE A MESSAGE
AFTER THE TONE
AND WE'LL GET BACK TO YOU
AS SOON AS POSSIBLE.
DAVID, IT'S MAGGIE.
I'M SO SORRY ABOUT YOUR WIFE.
COULD YOU GIVE US A CALL
AND TELL US WHAT
TIME THE SERVICES ARE?
AND PLEASE KNOW YOU'RE IN
OUR PRAYERS.
HE MUST HAVE COME BY
BETWEEN PATROLS.
NOW, JACKIE,
IT'S NOT YOUR FAULT.
WELL, WHAT THE HELL
IS IT?
IT'S A HUMAN STOMACH.
OH, MY GOD.
YOU MEAN DAVE'S WIFE?
WE CAN ONLY ASSUME.
NOW, NONE OF THE NEIGHBORS
SAW ANYTHING?
WELL, WE TALKED TO MISS WADE
ACROSS THE ROAD. NOTHING.
AND THE MAYNARDS
AREN'T EVEN HOME.
ALL RIGHT.
WE NEED A 24-HOUR
WATCH HERE
AND AT THE OTHER
CRIME SCENES, TOO.
GO ON.
NOW, AGENT HOTCHNER,
I NEED TO BE VERY CLEAR HERE.
RIGHT NOW ALL WE GOT
IS SOME THEORY ABOUT
A RELIGIOUS DELUSION.
I MEAN, HOW THE HELL
DO YOU EXPLAIN THAT?
SOMETIMES DISORGANIZED
KILLERS RETURN BODY PARTS
TO THE GRAVE SITES.
IT MIGHT BE NOTHING.
IT MIGHT JUST BE A WAY
FOR HIM TO MANIPULATE
THE BODY EVEN AFTER DEATH.
BUT IT MAY ALSO BE
AN ACT OF REMORSE.
EVEN IN THE MOST EXTREME
PSYCHOTIC EPISODES
THERE ARE VARIATIONS
IN LUCIDITY,
DEGREES
OF INSIGHTFULNESS.
IF I'M COMING OUT OF
A DELUSION...
JUST KILLED SOMEONE
AND DRANK THEIR BLOOD...
AND I'M STARTING
TO FEEL BAD ABOUT IT...
WHERE DO I GO?
SHERIFF, HOW MANY CHURCHES
ARE IN THIS TOWN?
GENTLEMEN, THIS IS
THE BIBLE BELT. MAYBE 15.
I WOULD POST AN OFFICER
AT EVERY SINGLE ONE.
CALL IN AUXILIARY COPS
IF YOU HAVE THEM.
ALL RIGHT.
YOU GOT IT.
LONG, GET ON THE PHONE
WITH ME.
4 CHURCHES IN 4 BLOCKS.
EVER FEEL LIKE WE JUST
STEPPED INTO MAYBERRY?
MAYBERRY WITH A PSYCHOTIC
KILLER RUNNING AROUND.
THERE'S THAT.
HEY, DEREK.
DOES THAT LOOK LIKE
A '72 BUICK TO YOU?
YES, IT DOES.
FBI! DON'T MOVE!
DON'T MOVE! GET DOWN!
GET ON YOUR KNEES!
GET DOWN!
HANDS ON YOUR HEAD!
LET'S GO!
YOU GOT IT?
DON'T MOVE!
DEREK.
I THINK WE GOT OUR GUY.
HIS NAME'S EDDY MAYS,
21 YEARS OLD.
DO YOU KNOW HIM?
YEAH. I JUST CAN'T BELIEVE
A BOY LIKE EDDY
WOULD DO SOMETHING
LIKE THIS.
HE WAS THE NICEST KID
YOU EVER SAW.
HE'S MENTALLY ILL,
SHERIFF.
A BOY LIKE EDDY MAYS
COULD TRULY USE
AN INSANITY PLEA
IN A COURT OF LAW.
YOU KNOW, THE IRONIC THING
ABOUT PSYCHOTIC ILLNESS
IS GENERALLY THEY'RE
LESS VIOLENT THAN
THE REST OF THE POPULATION.
BY THE NATURE
OF PSYCHOTIC DELUSIONS,
WHEN THEY DO GET VIOLENT...
WE'RE NEVER GONNA GET
ANYWHERE WITH HIM.
I CAN'T!
NOT LIKE THIS.
LOOK AT THE GUY.
YOU CAN'T READ HIM IS RIGHTS.
YOU CAN'T EVEN PROCESS HIM.
I BETTER CALL HIS MOTHER.
IT'S A DAMN SHAME.
HIS DADDY DIED JUST
A COUPLE YEARS AGO.
THIS IS GONNA FALL
AWFUL HARD ON HER.
WHAT'S THE FAMILY LIKE?
DAD WAS A DOCTOR,
AND MARY GWATHMEY MAYS
COMES FROM ONE OF THE OLDEST
FAMILIES IN TENNESSEE.
I'D LIKE TO MEET HER.
WE ALREADY HAVE.
I CAN'T BELIEVE IT.
IT'S JUST--IT'S...
SO HORRIBLE.
I--I--IF THERE WAS
ANYTHING I COULD HAVE
DONE TO STOP HIM.
I DIDN'T EVEN KNOW
HE WAS IN TOWN.
ARE YOU AWARE OF HOW
SICK YOUR SON IS?
HE HAD SOME TROUBLE,
UH, ADJUSTING TO SCHOOL.
THERE WAS AN INCIDENT
LAST YEAR.
WE GOT HIM SOME HELP.
MRS. MAYS, ACTUALLY
THERE IS A WAY
THAT YOU CAN HELP US.
ANYTHING.
WE BELIEVE YOUR SON
HAS KIDNAPPED
A 7-YEAR-OLD BOY--
WALLY BRISBANE.
OH, LORD GOD.
AND HE DOESN'T REMEMBER
WHAT HE DID WITH HIM,
BUT IF WE WERE ABLE
TO GIVE HIM
SOME ANTI-PSYCHOTIC
MEDICATION,
HE MAY BECOME MORE LUCID.
THAT'S CHILD'S PARENTS
MUST BE DEVASTATED.
RIGHT NOW EDDY
IS NON COMPOS MENTIS,
BUT IF YOU WERE TO SIGN
A MEDICAL CONSENT FORM,
WE COULD GIVE HIM
THE INJECTION.
OF COURSE.
I JUST PRAY
THAT CHILD IS ALL RIGHT.
HEY, GARCIA.
TALK TO ME.
OK. SO I GOT AHOLD OF
EDDY'S ROOMMATE IN COLLEGE,
WHO DESCRIBES EDDY AS HAVING
AN OVERPROTECT IVE MOM.
HOW OVERPROTECT IVE?
SHE CALLED HIM, LIKE,
3 TIMES A DAY.
AND GET THIS--ONE TIME
SHE WENT UP TO BOSTON
TO BREAK HIM UP
WITH A GIRLFRIEND
SHE DIDN'T LIKE.
WOW.
YEAH. YEAH.
IT SEEMS LIKE EDDY'S
ENTIRE COLLEGE EXPERIENCE
WAS SOME SORT OF
POST-ADOLESCENT REBELLION.
HE PARTIED LIKE
AN EIGHTIES CLUBBER.
HE SUFFERED A DELUSIONAL BREAK
DUE TO METHAMPHETAMINE
AND ROCK COCAINE CONSUMPTION.
WOW, THAT IS PARTYING
LIKE AN EIGHTIES CLUBBER.
RIGHT. SO THEN, UH,
HE WAS ADMITTED TO
A MENTAL HEALTH FACILITY
IN BOSTON.
CHECKED HIMSELF OUT
A WEEK AGO AND THEN
FOUND HIS WAY HOME.
WHAT WAS HIS MAJOR?
COMPARATIVE RELIGION.
THAN KS.
UM, HOW IS IT
HAVING GIDEON AROUND?
UH, YOU CAN HAVE HIM BACK
WHENEVER YOU'D LIKE.
DUDE!
HEY.
DUDE?
OK, YOU'RE
WAY TOO TENSE.
NO, I'M NOT.
YES, YOU ARE.
YOU GOT ANYTHING?
YEAH. MRS. MAYS
DEFINITELY HAS
OBSESSIVE-COM PU LSIVE
DISORDER.
HER HOUSE LOOKS LIKE
A HOME DECORATING CATALOG.
YOU?
I CHECKED EVERY
NOOK AND CRANNY,
ALL 8 BEDROOMS,
FIREPLACES. NOTHING.
NO EVIDENCE OF MURDER,
NO SIGN OF THE BOY.
IF EDDY MAYS DID COME HERE,
HE WAS VERY CAREFUL
NOT TO LEAVE ANYTHING BEHIND.
DO YOU SMELL THAT?
YEAH.
IT SMELLS LIKE BLEACH.
A LOT OF BLEACH.
DEREK.
MM-HMM.
IT'S JUST WAY TOO CLEAN.
ELLE.
LOOKS LIKE SOMEBODY
MISSED A SPOT.
YEP.
AAH!
I'VE ADMINISTERED
THE HALOPERIDOL
TO MR. MAYS.
HOW LONG UNTIL
IT TAKES EFFECT?
IT'S COMING ON NOW.
FULL EFFECT IN ABOUT
15 MINUTES OR SO.
YOU HAVE TO REALIZE
THAT WHILE THE DRUG
WILL MAKE HIM APPEAR
TO BE ASYMPTOMATIC,
IT WILL NOT NECESSARILY
REMOVE HIS DELUSIONAL STATE.
WILL IT MAKE HIM
MORE LUCID?
POSSIBLY. BUT LET ME
MAKE THIS CLEAR.
I GAVE HIM THE SHOT
BECAUSE HE NEEDED
TO BE MEDICATED,
NOT SO YOU COULD
AGITATE HIM
BY PUTTING HIM THROUGH
AN INTERROGATION.
THAT BOY NEEDS TO BE
HOSPITALIZED.
WELL, A JURY
MIGHT AGREE WITH YOU,
BUT RIGHT NOW HE NEEDS
TO ANSWER SOME QUESTIONS
'CAUSE THERE'S A LITTLE BOY
WE NEED TO FIND. THANK YOU.
HEY, EDDY.
DO YOU KNOW
WHERE YOU ARE?
JAIL.
THAT'S RIGHT.
DO YOU KNOW WHY?
I WAS VERY BAD.
BEFORE, I WAS VERY BAD.
BUT I'M--I'M MUCH BETTER
NOW, MUCH...
MUCH BETTER.
EDDY, DO YOU REMEMBER
HURTING ANYONE?
WHERE DID YOU GO
TO COLLEGE, EDDY?
MM. BOSTON.
DID YOU LIKE BOSTON?
MM-MMM. NO.
I DON'T KNOW.
WHAT WAS YOUR FAVORITE THING
ABOUT BOSTON, EDDY?
HARVARD--I WENT
TO HARVARD SQUARE.
I HAD CAPPUCCINO.
CAPPUCCINO.
EDDY, DO YOU REMEMBER WALLY?
I KNOW THE BRISBANES.
YOU TOOK THIS LITTLE BOY.
NO.
NO. I DID NOT...
I DID NOT DO THAT.
EDDY, I UNDERSTAND
YOU'RE UNCOMFORTABLE.
YOUR--YOUR HANDS ARE CUT UP.
YOUR ARMS ARE BRUISED. IS--
DO YOU KNOW WHY?
YEAH.
YOU KILLED 3 PEOPLE,
EDDY.
PAUL THOMPSON.
ANNIE STUART.
LYNETTE GILES.
[PANTING[
NO! NO! STOP IT!
YOU WILL--
YOU WILL BE PUNISHED.
GOD IS PUNISHING YOU.
NO, NO, NO. I BROUGHT
YOU AN ANGEL. SEE?
NO, I DO NOT SEE.
I DO NOT SEE.
PLEASE. PLEASE.
PLEASE!
I BROUGHT YOU
AN ANGEL.
PLEASE.
TAKE IT.
I JUST WANT TO KNOW.
WHEN WILL YOU
LEAVE ME ALONE?!
WE NEED HIM TO TELL US
WHERE THAT BOY IS.
SHERIFF,
WE'RE NOT GONNA GET
ANYTHING OUT OF HIM
UNTIL HE GETS THIS LATEST
EPISODE UNDER CONTROL.
AGENT HOTCHNER,
IT'S GETTING COLD AND DARK.
IF THAT BRISBANE BOY'S
ANYWHERE OUTSIDE, HE WON'T
STAND A CHANCE IN HELL.
YOU ALL! HURRY UP DOWN HERE!
COME ON!
WHY WEREN'T YOU STRAIGHT
WITH US, MRS. MAYS?
STRAIGHT WITH YOU?
YOU NEVER TOLD US
YOUR SON WAS IN
A MENTAL HOSPITAL.
I SPOKE WITH A DOCTOR
AT A FACILITY IN BOSTON.
HE SAID EDDY WAS RELEASED
A WEEK AGO AND THAT
HE CALLED YOU TO PICK HIM UP
AND THAT YOU NEVER CAME.
YOU ASKED ME IF I KNEW
IF HE'D COME HOME,
AND I DIDN'T.
I--I THOUGHT
HE WAS IN BOSTON.
THERE WAS ALSO BLOOD
ON THE FLOOR
OF YOUR UTILITY ROOM.
DO YOU HAVE ANY
EXPLANATION FOR THAT?
WELL, SOMETIMES
I CUT MY LEGS
WHEN I PRUNE
THE ROSES.
YOU PRUNE YOUR ROSES
IN WINTER?
AS A MATTER OF FACT, I DO.
WHEN DO YOU PRUNE YOURS?
MRS. MAYS,
I UNDERSTAND
THAT YOU MAY WANT TO DO
EVERYTHING YOU CAN
TO PROTECT YOUR SON,
BUT THAT LITTLE BOY
MAY BE DYING RIGHT NOW.
I WOULD LIKE
TO HELP YOU.
I REALLY WOULD.
BUT RIGHT NOW,
I'VE GOT TO SEE
ABOUT MY SON.
I THINK IT'S BETTER
IF YOU STAY HERE.
SHE'S DEFINITELY LYING.
I DON'T KNOW EXACTLY
WHAT SHE'S LYING ABOUT,
BUT SHE'S LYING.
YOU DON'T THINK SHE'D
LET THAT BOY DIE
TO SAVE HER SON, DO YOU?
I DON'T KNOW.
SHE DRIVES A CADILLAC,
RIGHT?
YEAH.
THEY GOT GPSs IN THEM.
SO...
SO LET'S GO SEE
WHERE SHE'S BEEN.
IT'S GOT EVERY STOP
SHE'S MADE
AND HOW LONG
SHE SPENT THERE.
YOU KNOW, THESE THINGS
COULD CAUSE MORE DIVORCES
THAN INTERNET PORN.
HEY, LOOK AT THAT.
THAT'S INTERESTING.
SHE STOPPED
AT THE SAME PLACE
ON ROUTE 3
LIKE 6 TIMES.
HELL, LET'S GET MARY
AND TAKE HER TO HER SPOT
ON ROUTE 3.
WE CAN TELL HER
THAT WE'RE GOING TO
VISIT EDDY IN THE HOSPITAL.
OK.
HOW LONG HAVE YOU LIVED
IN HARRINGTONVILLE?
ALL MY LIFE.
MY ANCESTORS
HAVE BEEN THERE
SINCE THE LATE
18th CENTURY.
PLUS I WENT TO SCHOOL
IN VIRGINIA.
BUT ASIDE FROM THAT,
I'VE LIVED RIGHT HERE.
THIS IS NOT THE WAY
TO THE HOSPITAL.
I'VE GOT TO MAKE
A QUICK STOP FIRST.
WHERE DID YOU GO
TO SCHOOL?
HIGH SCHOOL,
ST. CATHERINE'S HALL.
COLLEGE, SWEET BRIAR.
YOU WERE
A SWEET BRIAR VIXEN?
YOU KNOW SWEET BRIAR?
MY MOTHER WENT
TO MARY BALDWIN.
SHE'S FROM VIRGINIA?
MANASSAS.
I'VE VISITED BOTH
STAUNTON AND MANASSAS,
AND I KNOW
WHERE YOUR MOTHER'S FROM.
ARE WE DRIVING
OUT OF TOWN?
MARY GWATHMEY MAYS.
GWATHMEY'S AN OLD
TIDEWATER FAMILY,
ISN'T IT?
WHERE ARE WE GOING?
OLD SOUTH. OLD MONEY.
A LOT OF TRADITION THERE.
A LOT OF REPUTATION
TO PROTECT.
EXCUSE ME?
MARY, I DON'T THINK
THAT YOU WERE PROTECTING
YOUR SON.
I THINK YOU WERE
PROTECTING YOURSELF.
FROM THE SHAME,
THE HUMILIATION
OF PEOPLE FINDING OUT
THAT HE WAS MENTALLY ILL.
YOU DIDN'T VISIT HIM
IN THE HOSPITAL
IN 6 MONTHS. NOT ONCE.
WHAT ARE WE DOING HERE?
WE CHECKED THE GPS DEVICE
IN YOUR CAR.
YOU STOPPED HER 6 TIMES
IN LESS THAN 2 HOURS.
THERE ARE A DOZEN OFFICERS
ON THEIR WAY OVER HERE
WITH A PACK OF DOGS,
AND WE WILL FIND
THAT LITTLE BOY.
IT WOULD BE
IN YOUR BEST INTEREST
TO HELP US.
WE'RE COMING FOR YOU,
WALLY!
HANG ON, WALLY!
COME HERE. COME HERE.
IT'S OK.
COME ON, BOY.
COME ON.
OH, BABY! OHH!
LET'S GET YOU HOME.
COME ON.
MR. HOTCHNER.
DO YOU HAVE CHILDREN?
YES, I DO.
IS THERE ANYTHING
YOU WOULDN'T DO FOR THEM?
I WOULDN'T CLEAN
THE BLOOD OF THEIR VICTIMS
OFF THE FLOOR.
I DIDN'T KNOW MY SON
WAS KILLING ANYONE
UNTIL HE BROUGHT HOME
THAT BOY.
YOU KNOW, MARY,
SOMETIMES WHAT WE
DON'T DO...
IS EVERY BIT
AS POWERFUL
AS WHAT WE DO.
YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND.
I UNDERSTAND THAT
YOUR SON WAS DROWNING
AND YOU MADE NO EFFORT
TO SAVE HIM.
YOU DON'T KNOW
WHAT I DID.
I KNOW WHAT
YOU DIDN'T DO.
YOU DIDN'T
CALL THE POLICE.
AND EVERY DAY
OF YOUR LIFE
YOU'RE GONNA HAVE TO
ASK YOURSELF
WHAT WOULD HAVE HAPPENED
IF YOU'D GONE TO BOSTON
TO HELP HIM.
EDDY TOLD ME HE WAS
BRINGING ME AN ANGEL.
I--I WANTED TO PROTECT
MY SON.
WHAT ELSE
WAS I SUPPOSED TO DO?
ALMOST ANYTHING
WOULD HAVE BEEN BETTER.
MRS. MAYS.
HARRIET BEECHER STOWE
ONCE SAID,
"THE BITTEREST TEARS
SHED OVER GRAVES
"ARE FOR WORDS LEFT UNSAID
AND DEEDS LEFT UNDONE."
GOOD JOB.
NICE WORK, EVERYBODY,
BY THE WAY.
THANK YOU.
NOW I GET TO GO BACK
TO THE 15 FOLDERS
ON MY DESK.
WAIT A MINUTE.
15? I HAVE 24.
THAT'S 'CAUSE I
SLIPPED YOU 4 OF MINE.
WHAT?
ON FRIDAY. YEAH. MM-HMM.
HEY, SWEETH EART.
DO NOT SWEETHEART ME.
I MAY NOT BE
A SUPERVISORY
SPECIAL AGENT,
BUT THAT DOES NOT
MAKE ME A MAID.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
WHAT DO I MEAN?
THIS IS THE THIRD
BOX OF CRAP
THAT GIDEON LEFT
IN MY OFFICE,
THERE'S AT LEAST 2 MORE,
AND EVERYTHING SMELLS
LIKE SOY SAUCE.
I'LL TAKE CARE OF IT.
THANK YOU.
HEY. I BELIEVE...
THESE ARE YOURS.
I KNEW THE CRUTCHES
WOULDN'T LAST LONG.
OH, I'D RATHER LIMP.
I'LL BE FINE.
WELL, YOU MANAGED TO
GET ON GARCIA'S NERVES
PRETTY THOROUGHLY.
WHO'S GARCIA?
PENELOPE WITH THE GLASSES.
IN THE ROOM
WITH THE SCREENS?
SHE'S GREAT.
YEAH.
YEAH. YOU MIGHT WANT TO...
SEND HER A BASKET
OR SOMETHING.
YEAH.
IS THAT YOUR LIST?
25 THINGS I WANT TO DO
BEFORE I DIE.
WHERE ARE YOU?
WELL, SEEING THE WHITE SOX
WIN THE SERIES AND...
SKYDIVING.
THAT'S 23 AND 24,
SO I GUESS I NEED
A NEW LIST.
NOT TILL YOU DO 'EM ALL.
HE DIDN'T WANT
TO HEAR FROM ME.
YOU DON'T KNOW
TILL YOU TRY.
HEY.
UH...STEPHEN?
STEPHEN.
IT'S YOUR DAD.
I WAS JUST THINKING, UH...
THAT WE COULD
GET TOGETHER SOMETIME.
* I WOULD WRAP YOU IN ANGELS
* JUST TO KEEP YOU SAFE
CAPTIONING MADE POSSIBLE BY
TOUCHSTONE TELEVISION
PRODUCTIONS, LLC AND CBS
CAPTIONED BY THE NATIONAL
CAPTIONING INSTITUTE
--www.nCIcap.org--